hey guys if you go Cory come back at you
once again if you want to learn how to
do this stay tuned ok so first i'm using
this I think purple dream by elf and you
just want to paint the top part of you
now just draw the line first see give
you a guideline and then just fill in
let that dry let that dry and you may
need another coat of it depending on a
nail polish you have okay so you let
that dry now i'm using this I guess
clear polish it gives it a deep wet book
and then there's nail art brush and
white and you also need a stick so to do
this you have the time to act fast
before it dries so you should open both
of them okay now you just want to apply
the clear like not a lot but more than
just like power so it could be a little
not runny but you know c and then put
three legs one two three don't have to
be perfect and then take yes thick and
you want to just draw it to the middle
so i do like about four limes one two
three four
if you want you to do I shall I and
level one two three four see they have
it let that dry a little and then you
want to just apply a top put to it and I
forgot one thing get your silver and you
can just draw a line at the bottom like
that
something simple let it dry a little a
min you put the clear polish and there
you go see now you have nails like these
make sure you I get to see it can you
see that and this is our hands
i will be posting pictures on my bug on
Ichigo Corey com so check that out
anyway it to your query piece